feat: navigation pattern and bugs fixes (#3346)
twilio-labs/paste: .changeset/happy-bulldogs-arrive.md

---
'@twilio-paste/in-page-navigation': patch
'@twilio-paste/core': patch
---

> [In-page Navigation] allow in page navigation to remove bottom margin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[In-page Navigation] adds a prop to remove in-built bottom margin
```
